Add values_at attribute method for active_record (#36481)
rails/rails: activerecord/CHANGELOG.md

*   Add `values_at` method.

>     Return an array containing the values associated with the given keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns an array containing the values associated with the given methods.

```

    ```ruby
    topic = Topic.first
    topic.values_at(:title, :author_name)
    # => ["Budget", "Jason"]
    ```

>     Similar to `Hash.values_at` but on AR instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Similar to `Hash#values_at` but on an Active Record instance.
```

> *   Add `values_at` method.

Reviewer 2: Can you expand this CHANGELOG entry to tell where this method is and to show an example?

Author: Sure ! I will do it tonight

Author: Done. I can change it if needed.
